Add alt description and title to pictures in blogposts (#31)
Uninett/nav-landing-page: content/blog/why-i-love-whisper.md

This is when I happened upon NAV’s implementation of the UPS-MIB (RFC 1628), where the precision of a couple of objects is off by a factor of 10. **No way** our UPS is putting out _50 Amperes_ of electric current! [The fix for the NAV code was quick](https://github.com/Uninett/nav/commit/fb32bda5a81f1c6bab96d7516c58c1df1bb80928), but the graph doesn’t look very nice after the change:

> ![Graph of temperature readings from UPSes where the precifion is off. Output current graph drops suddently at the end.](/image/blog/tumblr_inline_n1yuefrgtu1swzy6x.png "Graph of temperature readings")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Graph of temperature readings from UPSes where the precision is off. Output current graph drops suddenly at the end.](/image/blog/tumblr_inline_n1yuefrgtu1swzy6x.png "Graph of temperature readings")
```

The result:

> ![Graph of temperature readings from UPSes with better precision. There are no suddent drops in the graph.](/image/blog/tumblr_inline_n1yuvf0boh1swzy6x.png "Graph of temperature readings with better precision")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Graph of temperature readings from UPSes with better precision. There are no sudden drops in the graph.](/image/blog/tumblr_inline_n1yuvf0boh1swzy6x.png "Graph of temperature readings with better precision")
```
